#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt --resolver=backtracking requirements.in
#
affine==2.4.0
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-geo
    #   odc-stac
    #   rasterio
aiohttp==3.8.6
    # via dask-gateway
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via geocube
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   asyncpg
asyncpg==0.29.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stac-fastapi-pgstac
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   datacube
    #   fiona
    #   jsonschema
    #   rasterio
    #   referencing
    #   stac-fastapi-api
    #   stac-fastapi-extensions
    #   stac-fastapi-pgstac
    #   stac-fastapi-types
azure-core==1.29.5
    # via azure-storage-blob
azure-storage-blob==12.18.3
    # via dep-tools
bokeh==3.3.0
    # via dask
brotli==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   brotli-asgi
brotli-asgi==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stac-fastapi-api
    #   stac-fastapi-pgstac
buildpg==0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stac-fastapi-pgstac
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datacube
    #   odc-geo
    #   pypgstac
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   netcdf4
    #   pyproj
    #   rasterio
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
cftime==1.6.3
    # via netcdf4
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   dask
    #   dask-gateway
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
    #   fiona
    #   geocube
    #   planetary-computer
    #   rasterio
    #   stac-pydantic
    #   uvicorn
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
cligj==0.7.2
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
cloudpickle==3.0.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via bokeh
cryptography==41.0.5
    # via azure-storage-blob
dask[array,complete,dataframe,diagnostics,distributed]==2023.10.1
    # via
    #   dask-gateway
    #   dask-image
    #   datacube
    #   dep-tools
    #   distributed
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-stac
    #   stackstac
dask-gateway==2023.9.0
    # via dep-tools
dask-image==2023.8.1
    # via odc-algo
datacube==1.8.15
    # via odc-algo
dateparser==1.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pygeofilter
decorator==5.1.1
    # via retry
dep-tools @ git+https://github.com/digitalearthpacific/dep-tools.git@a61e09a
    # via -r requirements.in
deprecat==2.1.1
    # via datacube
distributed==2023.10.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   dask-gateway
    #   datacube
    #   odc-algo
fastapi==0.104.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stac-fastapi-types
fiona==1.9.5
    # via geopandas
fire==0.4.0
    # via pypgstac
frozenlist==1.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2023.10.0
    # via dask
gdal==3.7.3
    # via dep-tools
geoalchemy2==0.14.2
    # via datacube
geocube==0.4.2
    # via dep-tools
geojson-pydantic==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stac-pydantic
geopandas==0.14.0
    # via
    #   dep-tools
    #   geocube
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
httptools==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imageio==2.32.0
    # via
    #   pims
    #   scikit-image
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via dask
iso8601==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stac-fastapi-types
isodate==0.6.1
    # via azure-storage-blob
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   distributed
jsonschema==4.19.2
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   pystac
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via jsonschema
lark==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datacube
    #   pygeofilter
lazy-loader==0.3
    # via scikit-image
locket==1.0.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   partd
lz4==4.3.2
    # via dask
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via jinja2
msgpack==1.0.7
    # via distributed
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
netcdf4==1.6.5
    # via datacube
networkx==3.2.1
    # via scikit-image
numexpr==2.8.7
    # via odc-algo
numpy==1.26.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   cftime
    #   contourpy
    #   dask
    #   dask-image
    #   datacube
    #   geocube
    #   imageio
    #   netcdf4
    #   numexpr
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-geo
    #   odc-stac
    #   pandas
    #   pims
    #   pyarrow
    #   rasterio
    #   rioxarray
    #   scikit-image
    #   scipy
    #   shapely
    #   snuggs
    #   tifffile
    #   xarray
odc-algo==0.2.3
    # via dep-tools
odc-geo==0.4.1
    # via
    #   geocube
    #   odc-stac
odc-stac @ git+https://github.com/jessjaco/odc-stac.git@exception-fix
    # via dep-tools
orjson==3.9.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pypgstac
    #   stac-fastapi-pgstac
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
    #   geoalchemy2
    #   geopandas
    #   planetary-computer
    #   rioxarray
    #   scikit-image
    #   xarray
pandas==2.1.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   dask-image
    #   datacube
    #   geopandas
    #   odc-stac
    #   xarray
partd==1.4.1
    # via dask
pillow==10.0.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   imageio
    #   scikit-image
pims==0.6.1
    # via dask-image
planetary-computer==1.0.0
    # via dep-tools
plpygis==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pypgstac
psutil==5.9.6
    # via distributed
psycopg==3.1.12
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg-pool==3.1.8
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via datacube
py==1.11.0
    # via retry
pyarrow==14.0.0
    # via dask
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic[dotenv]==2.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   geojson-pydantic
    #   planetary-computer
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   pypgstac
    #   stac-fastapi-api
    #   stac-fastapi-extensions
    #   stac-fastapi-pgstac
    #   stac-fastapi-types
    #   stac-pydantic
pydantic-core==2.10.1
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.0.3
    # via pypgstac
pygeofilter==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pygeoif==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pygeofilter
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via snuggs
pypgstac==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyproj==3.6.1
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   geocube
    #   geopandas
    #   odc-geo
    #   rioxarray
    #   stackstac
pystac[validation]==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   odc-stac
    #   planetary-computer
    #   pystac-client
    #   rio-stac
    #   stac-fastapi-types
pystac-client==0.7.5
    # via
    #   dep-tools
    #   planetary-computer
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datacube
    #   dateparser
    #   pandas
    #   pypgstac
    #   pystac
    #   pystac-client
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   planetary-computer
    #   pydantic-settings
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dateparser
    #   pandas
    #   planetary-computer
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   dask-gateway
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
rasterio==1.3.9
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   geocube
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-stac
    #   rio-stac
    #   rioxarray
    #   stackstac
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2023.10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dateparser
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   planetary-computer
    #   pystac-client
    #   urlpath
retry==0.9.2
    # via dep-tools
rio-stac==0.8.1
    # via dep-tools
rioxarray==0.15.0
    # via
    #   dep-tools
    #   geocube
rpds-py==0.12.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruamel-yaml==0.18.5
    # via datacube
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.8
    # via ruamel-yaml
scikit-image==0.22.0
    # via odc-algo
scipy==1.11.3
    # via
    #   dask-image
    #   geocube
    #   scikit-image
shapely==2.0.2
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   geopandas
    #   odc-geo
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-core
    #   fiona
    #   fire
    #   isodate
    #   python-dateutil
slicerator==1.1.0
    # via pims
smart-open==6.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pypgstac
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
snuggs==1.4.7
    # via rasterio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via distributed
sqlalchemy==1.4.50
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   geoalchemy2
stac-fastapi-api==2.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stac-fastapi-extensions
    #   stac-fastapi-pgstac
stac-fastapi-extensions==2.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stac-fastapi-pgstac
stac-fastapi-pgstac==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
stac-fastapi-types==2.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stac-fastapi-api
    #   stac-fastapi-extensions
    #   stac-fastapi-pgstac
stac-pydantic==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stac-fastapi-api
    #   stac-fastapi-extensions
    #   stac-fastapi-pgstac
    #   stac-fastapi-types
stackstac==0.5.0
    # via dep-tools
starlette==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   brotli-asgi
    #   fastapi
tblib==3.0.0
    # via distributed
tenacity==8.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pypgstac
termcolor==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fire
tifffile==2023.9.26
    # via
    #   dask-image
    #   scikit-image
toolz==0.12.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-stac
    #   partd
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask-gateway
    #   distributed
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via dep-tools
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   fastapi
    #   psycopg
    #   psycopg-pool
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pygeoif
tzdata==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
    #   pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dateparser
urllib3==2.0.7
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   requests
urlpath==1.2.0
    # via dep-tools
uvicorn==0.24.0.post1
    # via -r requirements.in
uvloop==0.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
version-parser==1.0.1
    # via pypgstac
watchfiles==0.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
websockets==12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via deprecat
xarray==2023.10.1
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   dep-tools
    #   geocube
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-stac
    #   rioxarray
    #   stackstac
xyzservices==2023.10.1
    # via bokeh
yarl==1.9.2
    # via aiohttp
zict==3.0.0
    # via distributed
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
